Fix multithreaded synchronization (#219)
purduesigbots/pros-docs: v5/tutorials/topical/multitasking.rst

The simplest way to ensure thread safety is to design tasks which will never access
the same variables or data. You may design your code to have each subsystem of your
robot have its own task. Ensuring that tasks never write to the same variables is called

> division of responsibility or separation of domain.

Author: I mean, that's what was there before, so I am guessing those names are correct?

If the tasks can be designed so that different tasks will perform different operations on a variable, then an

> `atomic variable <https://www.cplusplus.com/reference/atomic/atomic/>`_ can be used to solve the problem of 
> synchronization. Atomic variables prevent race conditions by defining the order of what happens when two tasks try to
> operate on a variable at the same time.

Reviewer: Solving is a bit strong. It's more accurate that atomic makes concurrent access defined, and that you won't experience tearing. So maybe something like this:
```suggestion
`atomic variable <https://www.cplusplus.com/reference/atomic/atomic/>`_ can be used to help solve the problem of synchronization. Atomic variables prevent the wrapped variable from being observed in a partially set or invalid state when multiple tasks try to operate on a variable at the same time.
```
Though that's still simplifying things. The problem with your statement is that the order is still undefined, it's just that the outcome is guaranteed to be one of the values you set.
